docs: update release notes (#6937)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/release-notes/release-notes.md

  workloads. Check out the [Access Local UI](../clusters/edge/local-ui/host-management/access-console.md) guide for
  further details.

> - A new troubleshooting script is now available to allow you to debug common errors such as Edge hosts failing to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `support-bundle-edge.sh` script is embedded and can run on hosts without an internet connection, allowing you to debug common errors such as Edge hosts failing to
```

I suggest this, since the script is not actually new, it's just becoming embedded since this release
